Update Rule “azure-certifications-and-associated-exams/rule” (#2334)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/azure-certifications-and-associated-exams/rule.md

> If you're just getting started,  take a look at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're just getting started, take a look at:
```

#### [Microsoft Certified: Power Platform Fundamentals](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-au/learn/certifications/power-platform-fundamentals/)

> Earn this certification to prove you have a foundational knowledge of cloud services and how those services are provided with Microsoft Azure.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence makes sense after the changes above
```suggestion
Earn this certification to prove you have a foundational knowledge of the Power Platform and how to build solutions using these services.
```
